.TH hina-lc 1 "November 2023" "hina-lc Manual"

.SH NAME
hina-lc \- Convert symbolic links to hard links or hard links to symbolic links

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hina lc
[\fIPATH\fR]
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBhina lc\fR command is used to convert symbolic links to hard links or hard links to symbolic links in the specified path.

.PP
If no path is provided, the command is executed in the current directory.

.PP
The following options are available:

.TP
.BR \-\-s2l
Convert all symbolic links in the specified path to hard links. Skips links with nonexistent source files.

.TP
.BR \-\-l2s
Convert all hard links in the specified path to symbolic links. Requires \-\-input for searching source paths.

.TP
.BR \-i=\fIINPUT_PATH\fR, \-\-input=\fIINPUT_PATH\fR
Specify the search path for converting hard links to symbolic links, if not specified, this will be set to /.

.TP
.BR \-r, \-\-recursive
Convert links recursively in subdirectories.

.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.BR \fIPATH\fR
The path to the directory containing links to be converted.

.SH EXAMPLES
Convert symbolic links to hard links in the current directory:
.BR hina\ lc\ \-\-s2l

Convert hard links to symbolic links in the current directory with a specified input path:
.BR hina\ lc\ \-\-l2s\ \-i=\fIINPUT_PATH\fR

Convert symbolic links to hard links recursively in subdirectories:
.BR hina\ lc\ \-\-s2l\ \-r

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR hina (1)

.SH AUTHOR
Written by B1ACK917.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to: 
.BR https://github.com/B1ACK917/Hina/issues
