.TH hina-ps 1 "November 2023" "hina-ps Manual"

.SH NAME
hina-ps \- Advanced process listing utility

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hina ps
[\fIPATH\fR]
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBhina ps\fR command is an advanced process listing utility similar to the ps command.

.PP
If no options or path are provided, the command filters and displays processes for the current user.

.PP
The following options are available:

.TP
.BR \-i=\fIINPUT_PATTERN\fR, \-\-input=\fIINPUT_PATTERN\fR
Filter processes by command containing the specified input pattern.

.TP
.BR \-t=\fIPID\fR, \-\-track=\fIPID\fR
Display the hierarchy of processes for the specified process ID.

.TP
.BR \-d, \-\-dump[\fIPATH\fR]
Dump detailed memory usage information for all processes. If \fIPATH\fR is provided, dumps to the specified folder, otherwise dumps to the 'proc' folder in the current directory.

.TP
.BR \-x, \-\-x-ray
Display detailed memory usage information including Swap, USS, PSS, and Size.

.TP
.BR \-s=\fISORT_FIELD\fR, \-\-sort-by=\fISORT_FIELD\fR
Sort detailed memory usage information by the specified field. Options: [swap, uss, pss, size, pid].

.TP
.BR \-h, \-\-human-readable
Display memory usage information in human-readable units.

.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.BR \fIPATH\fR
The path to the directory for dumping detailed memory usage information.

.SH EXAMPLES
Display processes for the current user:
.BR hina\ ps

Filter processes by command pattern:
.BR hina\ ps\ \-i=\fIINPUT_PATTERN\fR

Display hierarchy of processes for a specific PID:
.BR hina\ ps\ \-t=\fIPID\fR

Dump detailed memory usage information to the current directory:
.BR hina\ ps\ \-d

Dump detailed memory usage information to a specific path:
.BR hina\ ps\ \-d\ \fIPATH\fR

Display detailed memory usage information with sorting and human-readable units:
.BR hina\ ps\ \-x\ \-s=\fISORT_FIELD\fR\ \-h

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ps (1)

.SH AUTHOR
Written by B1ACK917.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to: 
.BR https://github.com/B1ACK917/Hina/issues
