.TH hina-rn 1 "November 2023" "hina-rn Manual"

.SH NAME
hina-rn \- Batch rename files or symbolic links in the specified path

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hina rn
[\fIPATH\fR]
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBhina rn\fR command is used to batch rename files or symbolic links in the specified path.

.PP
If no path is provided, the command is executed in the current directory.

.PP
The following options are available:

.TP
.BR \-i, \-\-input=\fIINPUT_PATTERN\fR
Specify the input pattern for renaming. Files matching this pattern will be renamed.

.TP
.BR \-o, \-\-output=\fIOUTPUT_PATTERN\fR
Specify the output pattern for renaming. Files will be renamed to match this pattern.

.TP
.BR \-a, \-\-append=\fIAPPEND_STRING\fR
Specify the string to append during renaming.

.TP
.BR \-n, \-\-num=\fINUM_POSITION\fR
Specify the position for appending the string. 0 for prefix.

.TP
.BR \-r, \-\-recursive
Batch rename files recursively in subdirectories.

.TP
.BR \-s, \-\-symlink
Batch rename symbolic links. Modifies the symbolic link itself, not the target file.

.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.BR \fIPATH\fR
The path to the directory containing files or symbolic links to be renamed.

.SH EXAMPLES
Batch rename files in the current directory:
.BR hina\ rn\ \-i=\fIINPUT_PATTERN\fR\ \-o=\fIOUTPUT_PATTERN\fR

Batch rename files in the specified directory:
.BR hina\ rn\ \fIPATH\fR\ \-i=\fIINPUT_PATTERN\fR\ \-o=\fIOUTPUT_PATTERN\fR

Batch rename files recursively in subdirectories:
.BR hina\ rn\ \-r\ \fIPATH\fR\ \-i=\fIINPUT_PATTERN\fR\ \-o=\fIOUTPUT_PATTERN\fR

Batch rename symbolic links:
.BR hina\ rn\ \-s\ \fIPATH\fR\ \-i=\fIINPUT_PATTERN\fR\ \-o=\fIOUTPUT_PATTERN\fR

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR hina (1)

.SH AUTHOR
Written by B1ACK917.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to: 
.BR https://github.com/B1ACK917/Hina/issues
